README.md, before:

# Freshcipe

(graduation project)
E-commerce web application using Reactjs.

# Current bugs:

- ~~Navbar dropdown menu stays open if login icon was clicked -> navigating to login page -> back to main navbar~~

# Notes:

- Phone field formatting
- make api request before navigation and send as route params OR send id and make api request after navigating?
- SUPERMARKETS page
- loading skeleton
- ~~move click handlers inside card components instead of component where the list is rendered~~
- ~~example: on recipes page, scrolled down, click recipe the "page" shows starting at the recipe details portion rather than from the start (navbar) (scroll to top basically)~~
- ~~change favicon~~
- add the "add recipe to favourites" on the recipe details page
- ~~fix breadcrumb navigation (gotta send data along with the route)~~ now do for recipes
- ~~change black icons to the darkest grey or any other grey that is not black~~
- fix product card price (when the whole number is more than one digit)

Commit message:

Fix discount tag in product card

README.md, after:

# Freshcipe

(graduation project)
E-commerce web application using Reactjs.

# Current bugs:

- ~~Navbar dropdown menu stays open if login icon was clicked -> navigating to login page -> back to main navbar~~

# Notes:

- Phone field formatting
- make api request before navigation and send as route params OR send id and make api request after navigating?
- SUPERMARKETS page
- loading skeleton
- ~~move click handlers inside card components instead of component where the list is rendered~~
- ~~example: on recipes page, scrolled down, click recipe the "page" shows starting at the recipe details portion rather than from the start (navbar) (scroll to top basically)~~
- ~~change favicon~~
- add the "add recipe to favourites" on the recipe details page
- ~~fix breadcrumb navigation and extract id of product collection and recipe from url~~
- ~~change black icons to the darkest grey or any other grey that is not black~~
- fix product card price (when the whole number is more than one digit)
- all products of a recipe should be available mostly
- re-think flow, categories for each market etc etc
- re-think suggested products/bestsellers/etc
